ticdc: remove canal protocol document (#16773) (#16791)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

> ## Does TiCDC support outputting data changes in the Canal format?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Does TiCDC support outputting data changes in the Canal protocol?
```

> Yes. Note that for the Canal protocol, TiCDC only supports the JSON output format (experimental), while the protobuf format is not officially supported yet. To enable Canal output, specify `protocol` as `canal-json` in the `--sink-uri` configuration. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Note it is considered experimental. For the Canal protocol, TiCDC only supports the JSON output format, while the protobuf format is not officially supported yet. To enable Canal output, specify `protocol` as `canal-json` in the `--sink-uri` configuration. For example:
```
